# Coding-Activity-please-help
Create a class named Vehicle that simulates a car moving along a 40 block stretch of road.  Your class will build a vehicle and keep track of its location on the road. Location values may range from -20 to 20. A location value of 0 represents block 0, a location value of 1 represents block 1, a location value of 2 represents block 2, etc. If the user tries to move the vehicle beyond block +20 or -20, set the location to +/- 20 respectively.  Variables int location - An integer that holds the current block location of the car on the road, with possible values ranging from -20 to 20. Methods Vehicle () - Sets location to 0. Vehicle (int loc) - If loc is between -20 and 20 inclusive, sets location to loc. Otherwise, sets location to 0. void forward () - Increments the vehicle forward one block. Do not let the user move past block 20. void backward () - Increments the vehicle backward one block. Do not let the user move past block -20. int getLocation () - Returns an integer representing the block location of the car. String toString () - Returns a String representation showing the vehicle as an @ character, with spaces to show its location. When the vehicle is at location -20 the @ character appears at the start of the String. When the vehicle is at a higher position, one space for each number from -20 to the car's current location appears before the @. For example if the car is at block -10, the method will return "          @" (10 spaces then the '@'). If the car is at block 5 the method will return "                         @" (25 spaces then the '@'). To test your code before submission use the file runner_Vehicle.java (sample run shown below). You should ensure that both the Vehicle and runner classes compile before checking your code (or else your program will not be checked properly). Do not add a main method to your Vehicle class as this will also cause your code to be incorrectly scored.  Sample Run                      @ Location: 0 Type "f" to move forwards, "b" to move backwards, "n" for new vehicle, "q" to quit. f                       @ Location: 1 Type "f" to move forwards, "b" to move backwards, "n" for new vehicle, "q" to quit. n Starting location for new vehicle? -5                @ Location: -5 Type "f" to move forwards, "b" to move backwards, "n" for new vehicle, "q" to quit. b               @ Location: -6 Type "f" to move forwards, "b" to move backwards, "n" for new vehicle, "q" to quit. q Milestones As this is a more substantial coding exercise than most of the ones you have seen so far, we have provided milestones for you to help you think about how to build your Vehicle class.  Milestone 1: Write the class header for your Vehicle class, and add curly braces - you will write the rest of your code inside these braces. Write a header and curly braces for each constructor and method in the class. For the two methods which return values add "dummy returns" - for example return 0; for getLocation and return ""; for toString. You will delete these returns later, but they will allow you to compile your code and test it in the mean time - you should check this works before moving on.  Milestone 2: Add a private member variable for the location at the start of your class. Write the code inside your constructor to set up this variable correctly. Change the return statement inside your getLocation method to return the location and use this to test your constructor class.  Milestone 3: Add code to your forward and backward methods to change the location variable as described. Test this thoroughly using the runner class.  Milestone 4: Add code to your toString method to print the Vehicle at its correct location. You will probably need to use a loop to add the correct amount of spaces before the "@" symbol representing the variable - remember you will need no spaces before the Vehicle when it is in position -20, 20 spaces when it is in position 0, and 40 spaces when it is in position 40. Test this method using the runner class, then submit your code for grading once you are convinced all parts of it are working correctly
